aws-s3-presign: add page (#9217)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/aws-s3-presign.md

# aws s3 presign

> > Generate a pre-signed URL for an Amazon S3 object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Generate pre-signed URLs for Amazon S3 objects.
```

> More information: <https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/s3/presign.html>.

> - Generate a pre-signed URL for a specific bucket and key that is valid for one hour:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate a pre-signed URL for a specific S3 object that is valid for one hour:
```

> `aws s3 presign s3://{{example_bucket_name}}/{{file_name}}.txt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws s3 presign s3://{{bucket_name}}/{{path/to/file}}`
```

> - Generate a pre-signed URL with a custom lifetime:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate a pre-signed URL valid for a specific lifetime:
```

> `aws s3 presign s3://{{example_bucket_name}}/{{file_name}}.txt --expires-in {{604800}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws s3 presign s3://{{bucket_name}}/{{path/to/file}} --expires-in {{duration_in_seconds}}`
```
